---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "plural_cluster Data Source - terraform-provider-plural"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A representation of a cluster you can deploy to.
---

# plural_cluster (Data Source)

A representation of a cluster you can deploy to.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `handle` (String) A short, unique human-readable name used to identify this cluster. Does not necessarily map to the cloud resource name.
- `id` (String) Internal identifier of this cluster.

### Read-Only

- `cloud` (String) The cloud provider used to create this cluster.
- `current_version` (String) Current Kubernetes version for this cluster.
- `desired_version` (String) Desired Kubernetes version for this cluster.
- `inserted_at` (String) Creation date of this cluster.
- `name` (String) Human-readable name of this cluster, that also translates to cloud resource name.
- `node_pools` (Attributes Set) List of node pool specs managed by this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_pools))
- `protect` (Boolean) If set to `true` then this cluster cannot be deleted.
- `provider_id` (String) Provider used to create this cluster.
- `tags` (Map of String) Key-value tags used to filter clusters.

<a id="nestedatt--node_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_pools`

Read-Only:

- `cloud_settings` (Attributes) Cloud-specific settings for this node pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_pools--cloud_settings))
- `instance_type` (String) The type of used node. Usually cloud-specific.
- `labels` (Map of String) Kubernetes labels applied to the nodes in this pool.
- `max_size` (Number) Maximum number of instances in this node pool.
- `min_size` (Number) Minimum number of instances in this node pool.
- `name` (String) Node pool name.
- `taints` (Attributes Set) Taints applied to a node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_pools--taints))

<a id="nestedatt--node_pools--cloud_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_pools.cloud_settings`

Read-Only:

- `aws` (Attributes) AWS node pool customizations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_pools--cloud_settings--aws))

<a id="nestedatt--node_pools--cloud_settings--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_pools.cloud_settings.aws`

Read-Only:

- `launch_template_id` (String) Custom launch template for your nodes. Useful for Golden AMI setups.



<a id="nestedatt--node_pools--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_pools.taints`

Read-Only:

- `effect` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
