---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "plural Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# plural Provider





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) Plural Console access token. Can be sourced from `PLURAL_ACCESS_TOKEN`.
- `console_url` (String) Plural Console URL, i.e. `https://console.demo.onplural.sh`. Can be sourced from `PLURAL_CONSOLE_URL`.
- `kubeconfig` (Attributes) Kubeconfig for cluster access. In order to source its fields from environment variables it has to be defined, at least as an empty object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kubeconfig))
- `use_cli` (Boolean) Use Plural CLI `plural cd login` command for authentication. Can be sourced from `PLURAL_USE_CLI`.

<a id="nestedatt--kubeconfig"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kubeconfig`

Optional:

- `client_certificate` (String) The path to a client cert file for TLS. Can be sourced from `PLURAL_KUBE_CLIENT_CERT_DATA`.
- `client_key` (String, Sensitive) The path to a client key file for TLS. Can be sourced from `PLURAL_KUBE_CLIENT_KEY_DATA`.
- `cluster_ca_certificate` (String) The path to a cert file for the certificate authority. Can be sourced from `PLURAL_KUBE_CLUSTER_CA_CERT_DATA`.
- `config_context` (String) kubeconfig context to use. Can be sourced from `PLURAL_KUBE_CTX`.
- `config_context_auth_info` (String) Can be sourced from `PLURAL_KUBE_CTX_AUTH_INFO`.
- `config_context_cluster` (String) Can be sourced from `PLURAL_KUBE_CTX_CLUSTER`.
- `config_path` (String) Path to the kubeconfig file. Can be sourced from `PLURAL_KUBE_CONFIG_PATH`.
- `exec` (Attributes List) Specifies a command to provide client credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kubeconfig--exec))
- `host` (String) The complete address of the Kubernetes cluster, using scheme://hostname:port format. Can be sourced from `PLURAL_KUBE_HOST`.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Skips the validity check for the server's certificate. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure. Can be sourced from `PLURAL_KUBE_INSECURE`.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password for basic authentication to the Kubernetes cluster. Can be sourced from `PLURAL_KUBE_PASSWORD`.
- `proxy_url` (String) The URL to the proxy to be used for all requests made by this client. Can be sourced from `PLURAL_KUBE_PROXY_URL`.
- `tls_server_name` (String) TLS server name is used to check server certificate. If it is empty, the hostname used to contact the server is used. Can be sourced from `PLURAL_KUBE_TLS_SERVER_NAME`.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) Token is the bearer token for authentication to the Kubernetes cluster. Can be sourced from `PLURAL_KUBE_TOKEN`.
- `username` (String) The username for basic authentication to the Kubernetes cluster. Can be sourced from `PLURAL_KUBE_USER`.

<a id="nestedatt--kubeconfig--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kubeconfig.exec`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) Preferred input version.
- `command` (String) Command to execute.

Optional:

- `args` (List of String) Arguments to pass to the command when executing it.
- `env` (Map of String) Defines environment variables to expose to the process.
