---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "plural_cloud_connection Resource - terraform-provider-plural"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A cloud connection resource for connecting cloud provider accounts.
---

# plural_cloud_connection (Resource)

A cloud connection resource for connecting cloud provider accounts.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud_provider` (String) Cloud provider type (AWS, GCP, etc).
- `configuration` (Attributes) Cloud provider configuration block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of this cloud connection.

### Optional

- `read_bindings` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--read_bindings))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Internal identifier of this cloud connection.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Optional:

- `aws` (Attributes) AWS-specific configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--aws))
- `azure` (Attributes) Azure-specific configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--azure))
- `gcp` (Attributes) GCP-specific configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--gcp))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.aws`

Optional:

- `access_key_id` (String) The access key id for the AWS account.
- `assume_role_arn` (String) IAM role ARN for the cloud query engine to assume when using this connection.  Useful for cross-account access.
- `region` (String) The region this connection can query
- `regions` (List of String) A list of regions this connection can query
- `secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret access key for the AWS account.  This is sensitive and should be stored securely.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.azure`

Optional:

- `client_id` (String) The client id for the Azure account.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret for the Azure account.  This is sensitive and should be stored securely.
- `subscription_id` (String) The subscription id for the Azure account.
- `tenant_id` (String) The tenant id for the Azure account.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--gcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.gcp`

Optional:

- `project_id` (String) The project id for the GCP account.
- `service_account_key` (String, Sensitive) The service account key for the GCP account.  This is sensitive and should be stored securely.



<a id="nestedatt--read_bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `read_bindings`

Optional:

- `group_id` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `user_id` (String)
