---
page_title: "Resource plural_cluster - terraform-provider-plural"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A representation of a cluster you can deploy to.
---

# plural_cluster (Resource)

A representation of a cluster you can deploy to.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Human-readable name of this cluster, that also translates to cloud resource name.

### Optional

- `bindings` (Attributes) Read and write policies of this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bindings))
- `detach` (Boolean) Determines behavior during resource destruction, if true it will detach resource instead of deleting it.
- `handle` (String) A short, unique human-readable name used to identify this cluster. Does not necessarily map to the cloud resource name.
- `helm_repo_url` (String) Helm repository URL you'd like to use in deployment agent Helm install.
- `helm_values` (String) Additional Helm values you'd like to use in deployment agent Helm installs. This is useful for BYOK clusters that need to use custom images or other constructs.
- `kubeconfig` (Attributes, Deprecated) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kubeconfig))
- `metadata` (String) Arbitrary JSON metadata to store user-specific state of this cluster (e.g. IAM roles for add-ons). Use `jsonencode` and `jsondecode` methods to encode and decode data.
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project that this cluster belongs to.
- `protect` (Boolean) If set to `true` then this cluster cannot be deleted.
- `tags` (Map of String) Key-value tags used to filter clusters.

### Read-Only

- `agent_deployed` (Boolean) Whether the agent was deployed to the cluster.
- `id` (String) Internal identifier of this cluster.
- `inserted_at` (String) Creation date of this cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bindings`

Optional:

- `read` (Attributes Set) Read policies of this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bindings--read))
- `write` (Attributes Set) Write policies of this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bindings--write))

<a id="nestedatt--bindings--read"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bindings.read`

Optional:

- `group_id` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `user_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--bindings--write"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bindings.write`

Optional:

- `group_id` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `user_id` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--kubeconfig"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kubeconfig`

Optional:

- `client_certificate` (String) The path to a client cert file for TLS.
- `client_key` (String, Sensitive) The path to a client key file for TLS.
- `cluster_ca_certificate` (String) The path to a cert file for the certificate authority.
- `config_context` (String) kubeconfig context to use.
- `config_context_auth_info` (String)
- `config_context_cluster` (String)
- `config_path` (String) Path to the kubeconfig file.
- `exec` (Attributes List) Specifies a command to provide client credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kubeconfig--exec))
- `host` (String) The complete address of the Kubernetes cluster, using scheme://hostname:port format.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Skips the validity check for the server's certificate. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password for basic authentication to the Kubernetes cluster.
- `proxy_url` (String) The URL to the proxy to be used for all requests made by this client.
- `tls_server_name` (String) TLS server name is used to check server certificate. If it is empty, the hostname used to contact the server is used.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) Token is the bearer token for authentication to the Kubernetes cluster.
- `username` (String) The username for basic authentication to the Kubernetes cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--kubeconfig--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kubeconfig.exec`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) Preferred input version.
- `command` (String) Command to execute.

Optional:

- `args` (List of String) Arguments to pass to the command when executing it.
- `env` (Map of String) Defines environment variables to expose to the process.

## Import

The `plural_cluster` resource supports importing existing clusters using either the cluster ID or the cluster handle.

### Import by Cluster ID

To import a cluster using its ID:

```shell
terraform import plural_cluster.example <cluster-id>
```

Example:

```shell
terraform import plural_cluster.my_cluster 9c5b94b1-35ad-49bb-b118-8e8fc24abf80
```

### Import by Cluster Handle

To import a cluster using its handle, prefix the handle with `@`:

```shell
terraform import plural_cluster.example @<cluster-handle>
```

Example:

```shell
terraform import plural_cluster.my_cluster @production-cluster
```

### Notes

- When importing by handle, the `@` prefix is required and must be followed by the actual handle name.
- After importing, run `terraform plan` to see any configuration differences.
- Use `terraform state show plural_cluster.example` to verify the imported resource and populate your configuration with the current attributes.

