---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "plural_oidc_provider Resource - terraform-provider-plural"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OIDC provider configures OpenID Connect (OIDC) authentication for external applications and services. It enables third-party applications to authenticate users through the Plural Console using the standard OIDC protocol. This is useful for integrating external tools, dashboards, or custom applications with Plural's authentication system while maintaining centralized user management and access control. Common use cases include connecting monitoring dashboards, CI/CD tools, or custom applications that need to authenticate users against the Plural Console's user directory.
---

# plural_oidc_provider (Resource)

OIDC provider configures OpenID Connect (OIDC) authentication for external applications and services. It enables third-party applications to authenticate users through the Plural Console using the standard OIDC protocol. This is useful for integrating external tools, dashboards, or custom applications with Plural's authentication system while maintaining centralized user management and access control. Common use cases include connecting monitoring dashboards, CI/CD tools, or custom applications that need to authenticate users against the Plural Console's user directory.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this OIDC provider. If not provided, the name from the resource metadata will be used.
- `type` (String)

### Optional

- `auth_method` (String)
- `bindings` (Attributes Set) The users and groups able to utilize this provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bindings))
- `description` (String) Description of this OIDC provider.
- `redirect_uris` (Set of String)
- `write_bindings` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--write_bindings))

### Read-Only

- `client_id` (String, Sensitive)
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive)
- `id` (String) Internal identifier of this OIDC provider.

<a id="nestedatt--bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bindings`

Optional:

- `group_id` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `user_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--write_bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `write_bindings`

Optional:

- `group_id` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `user_id` (String)
