---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "plural_provider Resource - terraform-provider-plural"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A representation of a provider you can deploy your clusters to.
---

# plural_provider (Resource)

A representation of a provider you can deploy your clusters to.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud` (String) The name of the cloud service for this provider.
- `cloud_settings` (Attributes) Cloud-specific settings for a provider. See [our docs](https://docs.plural.sh/reference/configuring-cloud-provider#permissions) for more information about required permissions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_settings))
- `name` (String) Human-readable name of this provider. Globally unique.

### Optional

- `namespace` (String) The namespace the Cluster API resources are deployed into.

### Read-Only

- `editable` (Boolean) Whether this provider is editable.
- `id` (String) Internal identifier of this provider.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_settings`

Optional:

- `aws` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_settings--aws))
- `azure` (Attributes) Azure cloud settings that will be used by this provider to create clusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_settings--azure))
- `gcp` (Attributes) GCP cloud settings that will be used by this provider to create clusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_settings--gcp))

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_settings--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_settings.aws`

Optional:

- `access_key_id` (String, Sensitive) ID of an access key for an IAM user or the AWS account root user. Can be sourced from `PLURAL_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`.
- `secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) Secret of an access key for an IAM user or the AWS account root user. Can be sourced from `PLURAL_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`.


<a id="nestedatt--cloud_settings--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_settings.azure`

Optional:

- `client_id` (String, Sensitive) The unique identifier of an application created in the Azure Active Directory. Can be sourced from `PLURAL_AZURE_CLIENT_ID`.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) A string value your app can use in place of a certificate to identity itself. Sometimes called an application password. Can be sourced from `PLURAL_AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET`.
- `subscription_id` (String, Sensitive) GUID of the Azure subscription. Can be sourced from `PLURAL_AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID`.
- `tenant_id` (String, Sensitive) The unique identifier of the Azure Active Directory instance. Can be sourced from `PLURAL_AZURE_TENANT_ID`.


<a id="nestedatt--cloud_settings--gcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_settings.gcp`

Optional:

- `credentials` (String, Sensitive) Base64 encoded GCP credentials.json file. It's recommended to use custom service account. Can be sourced from `PLURAL_GCP_CREDENTIALS`.
