---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "plural_service_deployment Resource - terraform-provider-plural"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# plural_service_deployment (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster` (Attributes) Unique cluster id/handle to deploy this ServiceDeployment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cluster))
- `name` (String) Human-readable name of this ServiceDeployment.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace to deploy this ServiceDeployment.
- `repository` (Attributes) Repository information used to pull ServiceDeployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--repository))

### Optional

- `bindings` (Attributes) Read and write policies of this ServiceDeployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bindings))
- `configuration` (Attributes List) List of [name, value] secrets used to alter this ServiceDeployment configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `docs_path` (String) Path to the documentation in the target git repository.
- `helm` (Attributes) Settings defining how Helm charts should be applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--helm))
- `kustomize` (Attributes) Kustomize related service metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kustomize))
- `protect` (Boolean) If true, deletion of this service is not allowed.
- `sync_config` (Attributes) Settings for advanced tuning of the sync process. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sync_config))
- `version` (String) Semver version of this service ServiceDeployment.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Internal identifier of this ServiceDeployment.

<a id="nestedatt--cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster`

Optional:

- `handle` (String)
- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `repository`

Required:

- `id` (String)

Optional:

- `folder` (String)
- `ref` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bindings`

Optional:

- `read` (Attributes List) Read policies of this ServiceDeployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bindings--read))
- `write` (Attributes List) Write policies of this ServiceDeployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bindings--write))

<a id="nestedatt--bindings--read"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bindings.read`

Optional:

- `group_id` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `user_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--bindings--write"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bindings.write`

Optional:

- `group_id` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `user_id` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String, Sensitive)


<a id="nestedatt--helm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `helm`

Optional:

- `chart` (String) The name of the chart to use.
- `repository` (Attributes) Resource reference to the flux Helm repository used by this chart. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--helm--repository))
- `values` (String) Helm values file to use with this service
- `values_files` (Set of String) List of relative paths to values files to use form Helm applies.
- `version` (String) Chart version to use

<a id="nestedatt--helm--repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `helm.repository`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the flux Helm repository resource used by this chart.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the flux Helm repository resource used by this chart.



<a id="nestedatt--kustomize"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kustomize`

Required:

- `path` (String) Path to the kustomize file in the target git repository.


<a id="nestedatt--sync_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sync_config`

Optional:

- `diff_normalizer` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sync_config--diff_normalizer))
- `namespace_metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sync_config--namespace_metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--sync_config--diff_normalizer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sync_config.diff_normalizer`

Optional:

- `group` (String)
- `json_patches` (Set of String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--sync_config--namespace_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sync_config.namespace_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
