---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "plural_workbench Resource - terraform-provider-plural"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Workbench resource.
---

# plural_workbench (Resource)

Workbench resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this workbench.

### Optional

- `agent_runtime` (String) The runtime for the agent to use in the `<cluster-handle>/<agent-runtime>` format.
- `configuration` (Attributes) Configuration for this workbench. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `description` (String) Description of this workbench.
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project that this workbench belongs to.
- `read_bindings` (Attributes Set) Read policy bindings for this workbench. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--read_bindings))
- `repository_id` (String) The Git repository for this workbench.
- `skills` (Attributes) Skills for this workbench. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--skills))
- `system_prompt` (String) System prompt for this workbench.
- `tool_ids` (Set of String) Tools for this workbench.
- `write_bindings` (Attributes Set) Write policy bindings for this workbench. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--write_bindings))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Internal identifier of this workbench.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Optional:

- `coding` (Attributes) Coding capabilities. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--coding))
- `infrastructure` (Attributes) Infrastructure capabilities. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--infrastructure))
- `observability` (Attributes) Observability capabilities. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--observability))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--coding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.coding`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) The coding mode to use. Valid values: `ANALYZE` or `WRITE`.
- `repositories` (Set of String) Allowed repository identifiers.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--infrastructure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.infrastructure`

Optional:

- `kubernetes` (Boolean) Whether to enable Kubernetes capability.
- `services` (Boolean) Whether to enable services capability.
- `stacks` (Boolean) Whether to enable stacks capability.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--observability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.observability`

Optional:

- `logs` (Boolean) Whether to enable logs capability.
- `metrics` (Boolean) Whether to enable metrics capability.



<a id="nestedatt--read_bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `read_bindings`

Optional:

- `group_id` (String) ID of the group to bind.
- `id` (String) ID of the policy binding.
- `user_id` (String) ID of the user to bind.


<a id="nestedatt--skills"></a>
### Nested Schema for `skills`

Optional:

- `files` (Set of String) Files to include.
- `ref` (Attributes) Git reference to the skill. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--skills--ref))

<a id="nestedatt--skills--ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `skills.ref`

Required:

- `folder` (String) The subdirectory in the Git repository to use.
- `ref` (String) Git reference to use.

Optional:

- `files` (Set of String) Files to include.



<a id="nestedatt--write_bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `write_bindings`

Optional:

- `group_id` (String) ID of the group to bind.
- `id` (String) ID of the policy binding.
- `user_id` (String) ID of the user to bind.
